how you doing today oh I'm very nervous
now you're nervous yeah I'm very nervous
why are you so nervous because I'm going
to do something crazy even then watch
this one this one is a colored out I
think about skydive yeah skydive yeah
well that's crazy right on what's your
name my name is Jenny la calle luck
David Chang yeah right on okay any
special occasion why you're doing this
uh you know this is my second time to
try it but first time I feel it because
the weather's suck now you look at the
sunshine it's very good all right
definitely I think um I should bike now
all right yeah right on we'll jump for
sure which I say hi to anybody uh haja
my parents my mom and my dad thank you
let me to come to United States I really
appreciate it and I very have a good
time and my girlfriend else up I love
you yeah right on with that high five
good
almost crazy now
haha
yeah I have this taken abuse my
I'm certainly we're doing it
Wow
all right on the outside the door gotcha
and it's
you
right on stand up no I can't how was
that sasa hahaha right on that's for
what oh alright gonna puke I'm going to
throw pan throw up take this often high
five high five cigna 40 that I forgot
your name Adam ha alright good job
thanks for scaring with us he did great